Moved checkout (#132)
unlock-protocol/docs: docs/tools/checkout/configuration.md

- `card`: displayed on the card payment selection screen
- `returning`: displayed if user already has a membership
- `confirmed`: displayed when user need to confirm their purchase
- `minting`: displayed at the end when NFT is being minted

### Network values

(Make sure you use a number and not a string!)

- `1`: mainnet
- `4`: rinkeby
- `5`: goerli
- `10`: optimism
- `56`: binance
- `100`: xdai
- `137`: polygon
- `42220`: celo

Always check our [networks](../../core-protocol/unlock/networks) page for the most up to date list of supported networks.

### Full example

```javascript
{
    "pessimistic": true,
    "locks": {
        "0x250a0153DfB52B44c560524283A6629C1d347545": {
           "network": 1,
           "name": "Unlock members"
        }
    },
    "icon": "https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Ftse1.mm.bing.net%2Fth%3Fid%3DOIP.10UUFNA8oLdFdDpzt-Em_QHaHa%26pid%3DApi&f=1",
    "callToAction": {
        "default": "Please join the Amber membership!"
    },
    "metadataInputs": [
        {
            "name": "Name",
            "type": "text",
            "required": true
        }
    ]
}
```
:::info

> [Kalidou](https://twitter.com/Muhamma77595982) from our team built a [tool](https://unlocktool.d2qjhh2wsxjcef.amplifyapp.com/) for generating these urls and although

Reviewer: cc @kalidiagne What's your Twitter?

> [Kalidou](https://twitter.com/Muhamma77595982) from our team built a [tool](https://unlocktool.d2qjhh2wsxjcef.amplifyapp.com/) for generating these urls and although

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Kalidou](https://twitter.com/kld_diagne) from our team built a [tool](https://unlocktool.d2qjhh2wsxjcef.amplifyapp.com/) for generating these urls and although
```

> [Kalidou](https://twitter.com/Muhamma77595982) from our team built a [tool](https://unlocktool.d2qjhh2wsxjcef.amplifyapp.com/) for generating these urls and although

Reviewer 2: added suggestion with the correct one

(Make sure you use a number and not a string!)

- `1`: mainnet
- `4`: rinkeby
- `5`: goerli
- `10`: optimism
- `56`: binance
- `100`: xdai
- `137`: polygon
- `42220`: celo

> Always check our [networks](../../core-protocol/unlock/networks) page for the most up to date list of supported networks.

Reviewer: I think we should remove the list above as it will be hard to maintain and just point (like you did) to the right page

Author: Removed.

    ]
}
```
:::info

> [Kalidou](https://twitter.com/kld_diagne) from our team built a [tool](https://unlocktool.d2qjhh2wsxjcef.amplifyapp.com/) for generating these urls and although

Reviewer: Unfortunately this tool is buggy so I am not sure we should point folkks to it
